{
    "title": "[1508436091] How To Clean Your Bike On Holiday Or Travelling | Maintenance Monday",
    "description": "Just because you're on a cycling holiday doesn't mean that the weather will be perfect every single day. So when your bike gets filthy, here's how you clean it, using only what you can find in the local supermarket! \n\nSubscribe to GCN: http:\/\/gcn.eu\/SubscribeToGCN\nRegister your interest in the GCN Club: http:\/\/gcn.eu\/o4\nGet exclusive GCN gear in the GCN shop! http:\/\/gcn.eu\/o3\n\nPicture this; you've jetted off for the ultimate bike holiday. Your long-awaited escape, there's nothing but perfectly smooth roads and beautiful weather. The sun is shining, the miles seem effortless and your bike is in fabulous condition day after day. \n\nUntil that day that the weather inevitably breaks. The heavens open and suddenly the roads become small rivers, rendering your bike filthy in seconds. Far, far from the garage and toolbox, how do you get your bike clean when you're miles away from home?\n\nEquipped with only what you can find in the local supermarket, just how do you clean your bike whilst on holiday using only;\n- wet wipes\n- bucket\n- sponge\n- washing up liquid\n- WD-40 \nand some very hot water?! \n\nBike maintenance hero Simon shows you how! \n\nIf you'd like to contribute captions and video info in your language, here's the link ",
    "channelid": "123179145",
    "videoid": "123178885",
    "date_created": "1505750401",
    "date_modified": "1508373171",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/gcn-channel\/how-to-clean-your-bike-on-holiday-or-travelling-maintenance-monday\/123179145-123178885"
}