{
    "title": "[1508440185] Is A 1x Drivetrain The Right Choice For You?",
    "description": "Thanks to SRAM for all products used in this video. All opinions expressed are the presenters own.\n\nSubscribe to GCN: http:\/\/gcn.eu\/SubscribeToGCN\nGet exclusive GCN gear in the GCN shop! http:\/\/gcn.eu\/qg\nThe GCN Club: http:\/\/gcn.eu\/qh\n\nWhen Pro-Continental team Aqua Blue announced they would be racing on 1x drivetrains for 2018, there were a number of eyebrows raised. Is it possible to have the same gear ratios with a 1x system that you\u2019d have with a standard 2x road set up? Simon believes that you can.\n\nBikes set up with a 1x drivetrain can differ from traditional road bikes in a number of ways. They are reportedly more aerodynamic, the lack of front derailleur and second chainring improving the airflow around the bottom bracket. They can be built with shorter chainstays, as there is greater clearance between the chainring and the chainstay. This allows the bike to be significantly more responsive than a traditional road bike. And finally, they are quieter over rough surfaces! In order to use a 1x drivetrain, you need a \u2018clutch\u2019 rear derailleur, which significantly reduces chain slap compared to a traditional derailleur.\n\nLet us know what you think of 1x drivetrains in the comments below ",
    "channelid": "123179145",
    "videoid": "123178847",
    "date_created": "1508171447",
    "date_modified": "1508373171",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/gcn-channel\/is-a-1x-drivetrain-the-right-choice-for-you\/123179145-123178847"
}