{
    "title": "[1508428454] GCN's Guide To Cycling Nutrition | GCN's Cycling Tips",
    "description": "Thanks to Science In Sport and Haute Route for the products used in this video. All views expressed in this video are the presenter's own.\n\nFuelling your ride properly during a multi stage event is even more crucial than a one day sportive. There's no room for error with nutrition when successive days of riding are concerned, so Dan Lloyd and Simon Richardson are here to show you the simple steps to follow to help you to be at your best on your multi day event.\n\nSubscribe to GCN: http:\/\/gcn.eu\/SubscribeToGCN\nRegister your interest in the GCN Club: http:\/\/gcn.eu\/lT\nGet exclusive GCN gear in the GCN shop! http:\/\/gcn.eu\/lS\n\nWe've seen how to prepare for, and how to ride multi stage events, so now Si and Dan are back to show you how to fuel optimally on a multi stage event. With our very own Jonny 'Chocolate Voice' Beavan riding the Haute Route, we're hoping that he heeds our advice...\n\nSi and Dan's top tips for optimum nutrition include;\n\n1. Hydration - 500ml to 1l per hour on the bike \n2. Rehydration - replenishing lost fluids after the ride \n3. Refuelling after the ride - replenishing muscle glycogen stores\n4. Fast releasing energy sources - aim for 60-90g carbs per hour on the bike \n5. Recovery - quality, quantity and quickly is key, and don't forget the protein! \n\nWhat is your favourite way to fuel multiple days in the saddle? Let us know in the comments below ",
    "channelid": "123179145",
    "videoid": "123178913",
    "date_created": "1503502200",
    "date_modified": "1508373172",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/gcn-channel\/gcn-s-guide-to-cycling-nutrition-gcn-s-cycling-tips\/123179145-123178913"
}