{
    "title": "[1508428454] How Is A Skinsuit Made? | Behind The Scenes At Assos HQ",
    "description": "Thanks to ASSOS for inviting us to their factory. All opinions are the presenter's own. \n\nIn our latest factory tour, Simon is visiting the ASSOS HQ in Switzerland. He's also got a special collection to make - four GCN Speedfire time trial skinsuits, and asks exactly how and why they're made.\n\nSubscribe to GCN: http:\/\/gcn.eu\/SubscribeToGCN\n\nThere's a fascinating history behind the Swiss cycling business, that dates back to the 19th century. Home to the world's first carbon fibre aerodynamic bike, attention then turned to how riders - and crucially clothing - could be made more aerodynamic to improve speed. \n\nTaking inspiration from emerging technologies in downhill skiing, lycra was introduced into the cycling industry by ASSOS and it soon became the choice of the pro peloton. \n\nToday ex pro rider Simon Richardson is on a factory tour at Assos HQ to find out how one particular item is made - the Speedfire skinsuit. Developed with the Swiss Cycling Team ahead of the 2016 Olympics, it was the very skinsuit worn by Olympic Gold TT winner Fabian Cancellara.\n\nBefore the ASSOS team can start making Simon's skinsuit, he needs to have his measurements taken by the tailor to ensure the optimal aerodynamic fit.\n\nIt all starts in the Cutting Room where the many different specialist fabrics are cut to pattern. \n\nThe Sublimation Room is where it all gets colourful! What a beautifully simple process, invented by the ASSOS founder himself.\n\nIn the Sewing Room it all comes together. Not to forget zips, leg grippers and the all-important ASSOS S7 chamois. \n\nVoila! The Speedfire time trial skinsuit is ready. \n\n\nIf you'd like to contribute captions and video info in your language, here's the link ",
    "channelid": "123179145",
    "videoid": "123178880",
    "date_created": "1505664002",
    "date_modified": "1508373171",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/gcn-channel\/how-is-a-skinsuit-made-behind-the-scenes-at-assos-hq\/123179145-123178880"
}