{
    "title": "[1508429236] 3 Reasons Why You Will Inevitably Ride An E-bike | The GCN Show Ep. 243",
    "description": "It's inevitable. You will ride an e-bike, and in this week's GCN Show we'll tell you why. And maybe why you won't.\n\nSubscribe to GCN: http:\/\/gcn.eu\/SubscribeToGCN\nRegister your interest in the GCN Club: http:\/\/gcn.eu\/nh\nGet exclusive GCN gear in the GCN shop! http:\/\/gcn.eu\/ng\n\nE-bikes aside, we've got plenty of hot news for you from right across the cycling world on The GCN Show. \n\nRacing updates are coming in thick and fast this week, with the very latest from the Tour of Spain, la Vuelta, where Chris Froome is still sitting pretty in red. It was a Dutch dominated Boels Rental Ladies Tour in Holland, with Annemiek van Vleuten taking top step, leading from the start with an impressive TT prologue. In the current Tour of Britain we saw Caleb Ewan take the first stage, whilst the second stage sprint was a little more controversial... \n\nOn the less conventional racing front, we see multi-storey car park racing in New Zealand announced and the third round of the Red Hook Crit in Barcelona.\n\nThis week's #WattageBazooka goes to the Superman himself, Miguel Angel Lopez of Astana, and our viewer entry from India on these 23% switchbacks. Ouch! \n\nCompetition Time! For your chance to win one of the ControlTech bars click here ",
    "channelid": "123179145",
    "videoid": "123178892",
    "date_created": "1504637664",
    "date_modified": "1508373171",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/gcn-channel\/3-reasons-why-you-will-inevitably-ride-an-e-bike-the-gcn-show-ep-243\/123179145-123178892"
}