{
    "title": "[1508452354] How To Convert Summer Fitness To Autumn Wins | Cyclocross And Hill Climbs",
    "description": "Fun in the mud at cyclocross or all-out hill climbs, these Autumn disciplines are the ideal way to make best use of your Summer form. Here's Si and Dan to give you their recipe for success.\n\nSubscribe to GCN: http:\/\/gcn.eu\/SubscribeToGCN\nRegister your interest in the GCN Club: http:\/\/gcn.eu\/nU\nGet exclusive GCN gear in the GCN shop! http:\/\/gcn.eu\/nT\n\nGet yourself cyclocross ready!\nShort sharp intense efforts and technique are key to training for cyclocross. Micro intervals and sweet spot rides are just a couple of the sessions that you can practice. But don't forget to test and build on your off road skills too - it's a whole different ball game to road riding. \n\nHow fast can you summit your local climbs? \nHill climbs are a great way to put your summer form to good use in the Autumn - or fall - but be warned, they can be brutal. Sessions include hill climb repeats and pyramid intervals - enjoy! There's also weight-saving on your bike to think about...\n\nDon't forget that resting is crucial too, so maybe time to put your feet up for a while. \n\nIf you'd like to contribute captions and video info in your language, here's the link ",
    "channelid": "123179145",
    "videoid": "123178882",
    "date_created": "1505321436",
    "date_modified": "1508373171",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/gcn-channel\/how-to-convert-summer-fitness-to-autumn-wins-cyclocross-and-hill-climbs\/123179145-123178882"
}