{
    "title": "[1508436091] How To Build A Bicycle Wheel | Maintenance Monday",
    "description": "Thanks to DT Swiss for inviting us to their factory. Ex pro cyclist Simon Richardson is tutored by Marcel Waldmann to learn exactly how to build a wheel. \n\nSubscribe to GCN: http:\/\/gcn.eu\/SubscribeToGCN\nRegister your interest in the GCN Club: http:\/\/gcn.eu\/nK\nGet exclusive GCN gear in the GCN shop! http:\/\/gcn.eu\/nJ\n\nSimon is joined by Master Wheel Builder Marcel Waldmann - AKA Masters Downhill World Champion - at DT Swiss to learn how to build his first wheel.\n\nLace it, pretension it, dish it, destress it, true it and then tension it fully...\n\nStep 1 - What you'll need\n\nSpokes, nipples, hub and rim make a wheel, with Marcel explaining what you'll need for your build and the handy DT Swiss tool online to help you. \n\nStep 2 - Lacing\n\nUsing the Schraner method, now Simon starts to lace the spokes from hub to rim. Drive side first! \n\nStep 3 - Tensioning \n\nNow laced, we move to the truing stand to tension the spokes. Firstly we pre-tension the wheel to make sure each spoke is threaded into the nipple by the same amount. Thankfully now with a drill, not by hand! \n\nWith spokes adjusted to true the wheel, next the spoke tension is checked. \n\nVoila! A downhill wheel, shame Si doesn't have a DH bike...\n\nHave you ever built a wheel? Let us know in the comments ",
    "channelid": "123179145",
    "videoid": "123178887",
    "date_created": "1505145602",
    "date_modified": "1508373171",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/gcn-channel\/how-to-build-a-bicycle-wheel-maintenance-monday\/123179145-123178887"
}