{
    "title": "[1508428454] Top 5 Tips For Cornering In The Wet | GCN's Pro Cycling Tips",
    "description": "Need some help keeping it rubber-side down in the rain? Here Si Richardson gives you his top tips to improve your handling in the wet.\n\nSubscribe to GCN: http:\/\/gcn.eu\/SubscribeToGCN\nRegister your interest in the GCN Club: http:\/\/gcn.eu\/pu\nGet exclusive GCN gear in the GCN shop! http:\/\/gcn.eu\/pv\n\nTyre pressure: running lower pressures in the rain will increase the amount of grip, as the surface area of the tyre in contact with the road will increase. \n\nTyre compound and width: tyre compounds differ greatly with regards to their ability to grip in the wet. Wider tyres will give you a greater contact patch than a narrow tyre, and as they allow you to run lower pressures, this effect is amplified further\n\nAvoid drain covers and white lines: Grip on metal drain covers and white lines will be basically non-existent in the wet, so avoid them where possible. If you can\u2019t, then momentarily straighten the bike up while you cross them.\n\nBraking: Braking quite simply takes longer in the wet. Make sure you always start braking a little earlier than you would in the dry. This is even more important as braking while turning in the wet is a sure fire way to get acquainted with the tarmac!\n\nGive yourself more room: If you\u2019re riding in a group in the wet, just back off the rider in front a little bit. That way, if anything goes wrong with them, you\u2019ll have a bit more time to react.\n\nIf you'd like to contribute captions and video info in your language, here's the link ",
    "channelid": "123179145",
    "videoid": "123178858",
    "date_created": "1507135756",
    "date_modified": "1508373171",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/gcn-channel\/top-5-tips-for-cornering-in-the-wet-gcn-s-pro-cycling-tips\/123179145-123178858"
}