{
    "title": "[1508436091] How Did Peter Sagan Really Win The Worlds? | The GCN Show Ep. 246",
    "description": "In this week's GCN Show, we take a look at the World Championships successes, a new leader and new rules for the UCI, plus cool recumbents (yes, really) and a cyclocross fails special! \n\nSubscribe to GCN: http:\/\/gcn.eu\/SubscribeToGCN\nRegister your interest in the GCN Club: http:\/\/gcn.eu\/oP\nGet exclusive GCN gear in the GCN shop! http:\/\/gcn.eu\/oO\n\nWe've got our GCN analysis of the World Championships in Bergen - just how did Sagan win? We've got a cracking stat for you...\n\nShould top tubes be banned? We take a look at some Dutch and Swedish studies. \n\nWe welcome in the new UCI President, and discuss the new rule for 2018. And just how much more aero is Caleb Ewan's sprint? We look to computational fluid dynamics to ask the question.\n\nAqua Blue Sport are going to be using 3T Strada bikes next year - with just a single chainring. Remember to vote in our poll at 12.25 - is this the death of the front derailleur? \n\nWe congratulate Annemiek van Vleuten, Tom Domoulin, Elena Pirrone and Tom Pidcock for their success at the World Championships. Not to forget Chantal Blaak in the women's road race. More racing news from across the pond, with victories from Van der Poel and Cant.\n\nIn this week's Wattage Bazooka we look to Lars van der Haar and viewer Bryan Griffith for his epic ride! \n\nHack\/Bodge of the Week throws up some interesting one this week - some looking safer than others! \n\nWell done Paul Stenson on your new Wattbike! Caption competition winner this week is Earthstick - brilliant! \n\nThank you to everyone who's already registered their interest in the GCN Club. We're going to launch the website and the club officially in December, just in time for Christmas. We'll keep you posted between now and then of course. \n\nIf you'd like to contribute captions and video info in your language, here's the link ",
    "channelid": "123179145",
    "videoid": "123178870",
    "date_created": "1506448299",
    "date_modified": "1508373171",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/gcn-channel\/how-did-peter-sagan-really-win-the-worlds-the-gcn-show-ep-246\/123179145-123178870"
}