{
    "title": "[1508428454] E-Bike Tech From Eurobike 2017",
    "description": "If there was one single outstanding theme from this year's Eurobike Exhibition, it was the rise of the E-bike. From city cargo bikes to almost undecipherable road bikes, there's been an explosion of new models for every rider.\n\nSubscribe to GCN: http:\/\/gcn.eu\/SubscribeToGCN\nRegister your interest in the GCN Club: http:\/\/gcn.eu\/nm\nGet exclusive GCN gear in the GCN shop! http:\/\/gcn.eu\/nl\n\nPET - Performing Enhancing Technology - in the form of electronic assist has officially landed at Eurobike. Dan checks out the offerings. \n\nHere are just a few of the electronic bikes coming onto the market;\n\nFocus Project Y; with the battery in the downtube, it weighs in at 12.5kg including the 4.5kg battery. Fancy an extra 400W power, up to 25kph?\n\nPG Bugatti - lightest E-bike available? At only 8.4kg it's very light, but at \u20ac65,000 up to \u20ac130000, it's not for everyone...\n\nMaserati prototypes are nearly available, priced at \u20ac9999 and weighing 11kg.\n\nOrbea have produced electric bikes that really don't look like them - the Gain comes in road, gravel and city designs. Ideal for help on climbs or older riders with an extra 200W power, controlled with a single button? \n\nBianchi - New Eroad Impulso, with Italian motors too! A max range of 200km.\n\nStromer have yet to release the ST5, complete with custom Pirelli tyres.\n\nContinental have used their motor expertise to move into the E-bike market too.\n\nThe Tern GSD - Get Stuff Done - Cargo Bike was designed for the city dweller in mind. Handy range of 250km!\n\nDanish company Mate now producing folding E-bikes with easy USB charging. \n\nWhat do you think of these new E-Bikes? Let us know in the comments! ",
    "channelid": "123179145",
    "videoid": "123178891",
    "date_created": "1504778404",
    "date_modified": "1508373171",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/gcn-channel\/e-bike-tech-from-eurobike-2017\/123179145-123178891"
}